# Anime Offline Downloader


This app can download anime episodes from CrunchyRoll and Daisuki for offline viewing.

Episodes can be saved in matroska and mp4 formats, they will include all available subtitles. 


## Legal Warning


This application is not endorsed or affliated with any Anime Stream Provider. 

The usage of this application enables episodes to be downloaded for offline convenience which may be forbidden by law in your country. 

Usage of this application may also cause a violation of the agreed *Terms of Service* between you and the stream provider.

A tool is not responsible for your actions; please make an informed decision prior to using this application.

Any Stream decryption is done by a third party program, in case of Crunchyroll by RTMPDump, in case of Daisuki by the akamai decryption flash library.

Usage of this third party programs and/or libraries may be forbidden in your country without proper consent of the copyright holder. None of this programs/libraries are included in this release.


## Prerequisites

.NET Framework 4.6 (https://www.microsoft.com/net)

Adobe Flash Player (https://get.adobe.com/flashplayer/)

FFMPEG (http://ffmpeg.zeranoe.com/builds/)

rtmpdump (https://github.com/K-S-V/Scripts/releases)

Valid PAID account in the stream provider of choice.


## Installation (Windows Only)


Install .NET Framework 4.6 (Windows 10 include it)

Install Flash Player. (Windows may include it, check if C:\Windows\System32\Macromed\Flash\flash.ocx file exist).

Decompress the Application and Double Click the AnimeOfflineDownloader.exe.


## Under The hood


For proper hash identification, any randomization (date, segment, muxer version, etc) or different block ordering generated by the containers (mkv, mk4), are fixed or removed from the final files.

In layman's terms: If you download an episode, the final video archive created will be EXACTLY the same, if other user downloads the same episode, if both choose the same provider and resolution and archive type. 

Off course if the provider change the video encode or add/edit subtitles the final archive may change.

Some people may say that the nature of the streaming generate different files because the fluctuation of the bandwidth. It might be true for the player embedded in the sites, and devices, because it dynamically changes the bitrate and resolution depending of the network congestion. (The have internally multiple video files encoded at different bitrates and resolutions for the same episode and swap them on the fly depending of the congestion). But it’s not true for this software since it only chose to download the video file at the desired bitrate and resolution from the provider.


## Extra Info


Portion of this readme was copied from Crunchroll.js :)
